He could also match on other values.
So notice you could match on IP precedents and specify values such as 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 or 7.
These values also have names.
So as an example if I specify three here and then type two show run notice it shows up as three.
But I could also specify flash.
That's also a valid way to match.
That's very similar to using port twenty three or the word telnet in an access list so you can either
use the word or the number to specify the traffic that you're going to match on
notice we also have a cause value that we can match on so we could specify a car's value of five.
There are many other options available here.
So match and let's say application.
And here we can match on specific applications such as RTP or H3 2 3.
We can use network based application recognition to match on higher level protocols so rather than just
matching on layer two or layer three we could match on higher layers of the OSA model.
We can also match NPL s values so we can match experimental values in the range 0 to 7.
So as an example we could match experimental value 5.
Now once you've matched on traffic you need to do something with it.
So you either need to privatize it or rate limited or queue it or delay it or drop it as an example.
And that's what some of the other mechanisms do on rudders and switches.
Once you've classified or matched on traffic What are you going to do with that traffic as an example
if you've got a first class boarding ticket you may go to the left door but if you've got an economy
class ticket you go to the right door and you get a different quality of service and a different experience
based on the ticket that you hold.